"Previous Section"_Section_tools.html - "Pizza.py WWW Site"_pws -
"Pizza.py Documentation"_pd - "Pizza.py Tools"_pt - "Next
Section"_Section_extend.html :c

:link(pws,http://pizza.sandia.gov)
:link(pd,Manual.html)
:link(pt,Section_tools.html)

:line

5. Example scripts :h3

The Pizza.py distribution includes 2 sets of example scripts.  A
listing of included scripts is given on the "Pizza.py WWW
site"_scripts.

:link(scripts,https://pizza.sandia.gov/scripts.html)

(A) The examples directory has a README file and a variety of scripts.
For each tool in Pizza.py there is a test_tool.py script that invokes
the tool on a simple data set (from the files sub-directory) and
exercises various tool methods.  These scripts are meant to illustrate
how the tool is used.

Assuming pizza.py is in your path, each of the test scripts can be run
from within the examples directory by typing one of these lines (from
the shell or from within Pizza.py):

% pizza.py -f test_animate.py
> @run test_animate.py :pre

The remaining scripts in the examples directory illustrate how to do
various tasks in Pizza.py.  They are not meant to be generically
useful nor are they well documented.  Rather they are illustrations of
how to do some specific task quickly and straightforwardly.  Most of
these scripts are not meant to be run by other users, since their data
files are not included.

(B) The scripts directory contains several scripts you may find useful
either to use directly or to modify to create a new script for your
purposes.

The top of each script file describes its purpose and syntax.  That
information can be be accessed from within Pizza.py by typing "??" or
"? name.py" or "?? name.py".

As explained in "this section"_Section_basics.html#3_5, any file in
the scripts directory can be run from the directory where your data
lives, by typing a line appropriate to the script's syntax, e.g.

% pizza.py -f movie.py svg 60 135 dump.protein      from the shell
> @run movie.py svg 60 135 dump.protein             from Pizza.py :pre
